Doc improvements for BYOH before next release (#720)
vmware-tanzu/cluster-api-provider-bringyourownhost: docs/troubleshooting_guide.md

```
### Solution
Sometimes it may happen that the OS and K8s version combination used is not supported by `BYOH` out of the box. This will require manually installing all the dependencies and using the `--skip-installation` flag. This flag will skip k8s installation attempt on the host.

## Github rate-limiting issue during clusterctl init
### Problem
During `clusterctl init -i byoh`, sometimes we might face github rate limit error and unable to pull providers.
### Solution

> To fix it set environment variable `GITHUB_TOKEN` and fetch its value from github. To create new GITHUB_TOKEN refer [here](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix it set environment variable `GITHUB_TOKEN` and fetch its value from github. To create new `GITHUB_TOKEN` refer [this doc](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token).
```
